GH-3437: Add `MessageRecoverer` to AMQP Inbounds (#3465)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/amqp.adoc

The AMQP inbound channel adapter uses an `AbstractMessageListenerContainer` and is message driven.
In that regard, it is more similar to the JMS message-driven channel adapter.

> Starting with version 5.5, the `AmqpInboundChannelAdapter` can configured with a `org.springframework.amqp.rabbit.retry.MessageRecoverer` strategy which is used in the `RecoveryCallback` when retry operation is called internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.5, the `AmqpInboundChannelAdapter` can be configured with an `org.springframework.amqp.rabbit.retry.MessageRecoverer` strategy which is used in the `RecoveryCallback` when the retry operation is called internally.
```

See the note in <<amqp-inbound-channel-adapter>> about configuring the `listener-container` attribute.

> Starting with version 5.5, the `AmqpInboundChannelAdapter` can configured with an `org.springframework.amqp.rabbit.retry.MessageRecoverer` strategy which is used in the `RecoveryCallback` when retry operation is called internally.

Reviewer: Same change as above.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.5, the `AmqpInboundChannelAdapter` can be configured with an `org.springframework.amqp.rabbit.retry.MessageRecoverer` strategy which is used in the `RecoveryCallback` when the retry operation is called internally.
```
